## ArcC & Arcc


**ArcC** ArcC is just like frameworko or I dont really know how to call it its just encrypted C program witch for now istn capable of making large and coplex projects I would love it anyone could add some things to the Arcc.py in the ArcNull so it will be able to make like OOP stuff and more but I didnt do that... yet. Its just a coplex and hard chipper that makes C so mutch harder and un-usable (dont get me wrong I love C). You dont really have to install it just specificly the ArcC folder its kinda useless unless you wanna look at the src code on GitHub like now you are probably doing. Its partty basic and wierd sub-project but if you are interested of joining my team or discord... you know what to do and if you dont look at the ArcOS README.md file there is explanation at the end. The ArcC also uses its custom File Format .arc so the compiler Arcc understands it (it probably can even without it but shhh).


**Arcc** Arcc is the compiler or a pipeline how someone would call it its a basic made with 2 programs. 1st program is Arcc.py witch has all the keywords so it can translate the .arc file to .c and translate the included script in the file. The 2nd program is Arcc.cpp witch is just like the main program of the pipeline witch is just like a file that starts the python file compiles it removes the .c file. Here is how the pipeline works more detiled (if someone even cares) so it starts when user in ArcNull types arcc than it start the file Arcc.cpp witch starts the python file and ask user about his .arc file the user inputs the filename without the .arc (there is the point that the file can be named however but shhhh) and than writes that filename to ~/Documents/filename.txt than it uses the list of keywords made in the chipper and translate them into the normal .c file than the python script ends now the cpp script continues and uses gcc to compile the .c file than after the compilation it removes the .c file and ends itself so now user has working compiled .arc file to ELF.
